come on a warning any other putter
weakens here follow this one you have to
train you this is allowed certain cuz I
tried my eyes I can make it straight how
to roll down well I did haven't ruled
out there's no one wanted to roll them
up so they can see the fifteen percent
except somebody unless I tell you where
are you yeah hurt uh-oh who's right
there everybody put the ingot prints on
the car as well you don't care you want
to sit there anywhere no I'm saying that
way they don't know who stole it Oh mr.
what they were eating maybe unhook are
you like a half an you have you and hook
that you have to handle oh area you know
that really
god oh oh oh I get it a little bit there
at the bottom of it is mostly ah I'm
gonna pull slow try and hook it at the
top cuz there's a groove you keep
sliding into your bottom try pulling
like up on everybody
oh these cars not unlock did you pull
the actual handle itself yeah no they
don't cuz that would be maybe a little
easier come on he comes Triple A yeah
here I'll gets Russell now well thanks
for another being true oh there you go
keeps lying it to the topic pages we try
to get underneath Oh same way still want
to eat a lot come on I'm full Oh boys
left off yet okay everyone is naked yeah
you better you better save your name man
fine one more try
I meant
Oh up again when you hook it from the
bottom and then you have the hooklink
straight up then you have it cooked
nicely yeah that's I'm again all right
give up give up close but you ain't got
it that's a pole wanna Rican person
because it's a lawyer Wow he almost got
it but the thing it went bad yeah you
can do the driver side
call enjoyment
you want to go through the passenger
side it's this one
remove
I don't know yeah lock pull the coat
hanger up knock it ejected here's a long
again Joe you knew it